Update snowflake-configs.md (#45)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/building-models/snowflake-configs.md

 alter table my_database.my_schema.my_table cluster by (session_start);"
```

> It is possible to use functions of fields to cluster by, as below:

Reviewer: I think saying "expressions" might be clearer than "functions of fields" here - you buy that?

```suggestion
It is possible to cluster by expressions, as below:
```

> It is possible to use functions of fields to cluster by but this must be enclosed in square brackets as below, even if only for a function on one field:

Reviewer: Maybe we could change this to something like:

> It is possible to use expressions in the `cluster_by` config as shown below
